DOCS-10255-AddingArchitecureDrawing-ESB (#118)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/partner-manager-architecture.adoc

The functional features and user experience in configuring B2B Integrations with Partner Manager are deployment-target agnostic; however, there are differences in the underlying architecture when implementing the functionality in the runtime.

When you deploy a configured message flow, Partner Manager automatically translates the configurations used in the message flow and deploys and updates a set of applications necessary to orchestrate end-to-end B2B processing to the Mule runtime. These applications include:
* Receive endpoint services
* Document processing service
* Replication service
* Send endpoint services

image::partner-manager-high-level-arch.png[Anypoint Partner Manager Architecture]

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Callout |Name |Description
|image:pm-arch-diagram-1.png[]
|Partner Manager
|MuleSoft hosted cloud control plane allowing users to configure trading partner profiles, build and deploy B2B integration message flows, and monitor B2B transactions activity.

|image:pm-arch-diagram-2.png[]
|Receive Endpoint Services

> |Service to receive inbound B2B or EDI messages from partners via communication protocols such as AS2 and SFTP or outbound application messages from your organization’s backend systems via HTTP, HTTPS, or SFTP.

Reviewer: Please rephrase on the below lines:

Service to receive inbound B2B or EDI messages from partners via transport protocols such as AS2/SFTP, or outbound application messages from your organization’s backend systems via HTTP(s)/SFTP.

|image:pm-arch-diagram-3.png[]
|Document Processing Service
|Core B2B processing engine responsible for parsing, validating and translating received B2B messages based on configurations and mapping in Partner Manager.

|image:pm-arch-diagram-4.png[]
|API Replication Service
|Tracking service responsible for updating transmissions and transaction activities to the control plane and to the payload storage API.

|image:pm-arch-diagram-5.png[]
|Send Endpoint Services

> |Service to deliver translated inbound application messages to internal applications such as ERP, billing, Order Management via HTTP, HTTPS or SFTP; or outbound B2B/EDI payloads to your trading partners via AS2, HTTP, HTTPS or SFTP.

Reviewer: Please rephrase on the below lines:
Service to deliver translated inbound application messages to internal applications such as ERP, billing, Order Management via transport protocols like HTTP(S)/SFTP; or outbound B2B/EDI payloads to your trading partners via AS2/HTTP(s)/SFTP.

Author: Done!

= Anypoint Partner Manager Architecture

> With Anypoint Partner Manager, you can deploy B2B Integration message flows with your partners, either to your own hosted Mule runtimes or to MuleSoft hosted CloudHub iPaaS platform.

Reviewer 2: Why capitalize Integration?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Anypoint Partner Manager, you can deploy B2B integration message flows with your partners, either to your own hosted Mule instances or to a MuleSoft-hosted CloudHub iPaaS platform.
```

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL re. "B2B integration"

> The functional features and user experience in configuring B2B Integrations with Partner Manager are deployment-target agnostic; however, there are differences in the underlying architecture when implementing the functionality in the runtime.

Reviewer 2: Does "the runtime" refer to the Mule runtime engine? 
Do we mean "in Mule" or "in the Mule instance"?
GLOBALs

Author: In some cases, when they say "in the runtime", that is the phrasing used in other parts of the doc. For instances where it says "Mule runtime" that can be changed to "Mule instance"

> When you deploy a configured message flow, Partner Manager automatically translates the configurations used in the message flow and deploys and updates a set of applications necessary to orchestrate end-to-end B2B processing to the Mule runtime. These applications include:

Reviewer 2: to the Mule runtime engine (to Mule, to the Mule instance)

* Receive endpoint services
* Document processing service
* Replication service
* Send endpoint services

image::partner-manager-high-level-arch.png[Anypoint Partner Manager Architecture]

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Callout |Name |Description
|image:pm-arch-diagram-1.png[]
|Partner Manager

> |MuleSoft hosted cloud control plane allowing users to configure trading partner profiles, build and deploy B2B integration message flows, and monitor B2B transactions activity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|MuleSoft-hosted cloud control plane enabling users to configure trading partner profiles, build and deploy B2B integration message flows, and monitor B2B transaction activity
```

|image:pm-arch-diagram-2.png[]
|Receive Endpoint Services

> |Service to receive inbound B2B or EDI messages from partners transport protocols such as AS2 and SFTP or outbound application messages from your organization’s backend systems via HTTP, HTTPS, or SFTP.

Reviewer 2: Service or Services?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Services to receive inbound B2B or EDI messages from partner transport protocols such as AS2 and SFTP or outbound application messages from your organization’s backend systems via HTTP, HTTPS, or SFTP
```

|image:pm-arch-diagram-3.png[]
|Document Processing Service

> |Core B2B processing engine responsible for parsing, validating and translating received B2B messages based on configurations and mapping in Partner Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Core B2B processing engine responsible for parsing, validating, and translating received B2B messages based on configurations and mapping in Partner Manager
```

|image:pm-arch-diagram-4.png[]
|API Replication Service

> |Tracking service responsible for updating transmissions and transaction activities to the control plane and to the payload storage API.

Reviewer 2: no period

Author: Done!

|image:pm-arch-diagram-5.png[]
|Send Endpoint Services

> |Service to deliver translated inbound application messages to internal applications such as ERP, billing, Order Management via HTTP, HTTPS or SFTP; or outbound B2B/EDI payloads to your trading partners via AS2, HTTP, HTTPS or SFTP.

Reviewer 2: Service or Services?

Reviewer 2: (I'll let you reword per tech reviewer input....)

Author: Services!

|image:pm-arch-diagram-6.png[]
|Payload Storage API

> |API to store B2B payload data in your own storage solution.

Reviewer 2: no period

The ideal is that list item descriptions are parallel (either all fragments or all periods, without and with periods, respectively). If your descriptions aren't parallel, and at least one includes a complete sentence, then all must end with periods. But it's best to use parallel formats.

Author: Got it!

|===

== Partner Manager for CloudHub

> When deploying B2B Integration message flows to CloudHub, Anypoint MQ queues are used between processing stages to add additional reliability to the B2B message processing.

Reviewer 2: Try to reword to use active voice.

Author: Done!

> As of the time of first deployment from Partner Manager, runtime applications are deployed by default to the CloudHub region specified in the business group’s default settings in Runtime Manager. Anypoint MQ queues are automatically created during the deployment process in the same or the nearest available region. Any new runtime application from subsequent deployments is deployed to the same region as the first deployment.

Reviewer 2: Also passive.

image::partner-manager-cloud-deployment.png[Anypoint Partner Manager for CloudHub]

> == Partner Manager for On-Premise Mule Runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Partner Manager for On-Premise Mule Instances
```

> When deploying B2B Integration message flows to your own hosted on-premise Mule runtime, HTTP calls are used between processing stages during B2B message processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When deploying B2B Integration message flows to your own hosted on-premise Mule instance, HTTP calls are used between processing stages during B2B message processing.
```

Reviewer 2: ...also passive voice. 
Review and try to reword to active voice GLOBALLY.

> The runtime applications are deployed to the server group (B2BServerGroup) that you will have configured in your data center or your private cloud.

Reviewer 2: passive voice > active

Reviewer 2: "will" > present tense

Reviewer 2: I am currently checking in with Fer, Hanna, and Duke about the subtleties around using "runtime," which have never been crystal clear to me. If referring to the engine, I know we want to use one of Mule runtime engine (Mule) or refer to the on-prem "instance." 
I'll share what I find out; please feel free to correct/share with me!

Reviewer 2: P.S. Don't let this slow you down.

Author: Done!
